# SayIt Assistant

*Helen opens up her laptop so that she can work on a research project for her history class. She still has a lot of research to finish on Louis Braille and not a lot of time before she needs to head to her discussion section across campus. Instead of spending her time using Google and reading a bunch of websites, she decides to open the SayIt Assistant desktop application which uses that new AI tool called ChatGPT that everyone has been talking about. When the application opens up, Helen browses through the prompt history to remind herself of the questions she asked last night. She clicks on one of them and reads through the previous question’s answer. Deciding that she wants to ask a new question, Helen clicks the “New Question” button and says “how did Louis Braille come up with the idea for braille.“ She likes the fact that she can ask questions out loud instead of having to type them in since she isn’t a fast typist and finds autocorrect makes things worse. She watches as the app displays the results to her question and while she’s reading through it, decides to copy some of the text over to her Google Document. A few questions later, Helen gets an answer she wasn’t happy with and deletes the question and answer from showing up in her question history by clicking the "Delete Question" button. After finishing the assignment, she decides to remove all of the prompts by clicking the “Clear All” button. While Helen really likes the desktop version of SayIt Assistant, she’s excited that the company is planning to release the web and mobile versions in a few months so that she could use SayIt Assistant anywhere and doesn’t need to always use her laptop. She is glad that the company has promised that the web and mobile versions will work the same as the desktop version and she won’t have to learn how to use the app all over again.*

